Dropbox DMCA Policy

   Dropbox ("Dropbox") respects the intellectual property rights of others
   and expects its users to do the same. In accordance with the Digital
   Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, the text of which may be found on the
   U.S. Copyright Office website at
   http://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf, Dropbox will respond
   expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement committed using the
   Dropbox service and/or the Dropbox website (the "Site") if such claims
   are reported to Dropbox's Designated Copyright Agent identified in the
   sample notice below.

   If you are a copyright owner, authorized to act on behalf of one, or
   authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please
   report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the
   Site by completing the following DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement
   and delivering it to Dropbox's Designated Copyright Agent. Upon receipt
   of Notice as described below, Dropbox will take whatever action, in its
   sole discretion, it deems appropriate, including removal of the
   challenged content from the Site.

               DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement ("Notice")

    1. Identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or
       - if multiple copyrighted works are covered by this Notice - you
       may provide a representative list of the copyrighted works that you
       claim have been infringed.
    2. Identify the material or link you claim is infringing (or the
       subject of infringing activity) and to which access is to be
       disabled, including at a minimum, if applicable, the URL of the
       link shown on the Site or the exact location where such material
       may be found.
    3. Provide your company affiliation (if applicable), mailing address,
       telephone number, and, if available, email address.
    4. Include both of the following statements in the body of the Notice:
          + "I hereby state that I have a good faith belief that the
            disputed use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by
            the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair
            use)."
          + "I hereby state that the information in this Notice is
            accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner,
            or authorized to act on behalf of, the owner, of the copyright
            or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly
            infringed."
    5. Provide your full legal name and your electronic or physical
       signature.

   Deliver this Notice, with all items completed, to Dropbox's Designated
   Copyright Agent
   Dropbox Inc.
   185 Berry Street, Suite 400
   San Francisco, CA 94107
   copyright@dropbox.com

