Dropbox Privacy Policy

   Posted: February 20, 2014

   Effective: March 24, 2014

   Thanks for using Dropbox! Here we describe how we collect, use and
   handle your information when you use our websites, software and
   services ("Services").

What & Why

   We collect and use the following information to provide, improve and
   protect our Services:

   Account. We collect, and associate with your account, information like
   your name, email address, phone number, payment info, and physical
   address. Some of our services let you access your accounts and your
   information with other service providers.

   Services. When you use our Services, we store, process and transmit
   your files (including stuff like your photos, structured data and
   emails) and information related to them (for example, location tags in
   photos). If you give us access to your contacts, we'll store those
   contacts on our servers for you to use. This will make it easy for you
   to do things like share your stuff, send emails, and invite others to
   use the Services.

   Usage. We collect information from and about the devices you use to
   access the Services. This includes things like IP addresses, the type
   of browser and device you use, the web page you visited before coming
   to our sites, and identifiers associated with your devices. Your
   devices (depending on their settings) may also transmit location
   information to the Services.

   Cookies and other technologies. We use technologies like cookies
   and pixel tags to provide, improve, protect and promote our Services.
   For example, cookies help us with things like remembering your username
   for your next visit, understanding how you are interacting with our
   Services, and improving them based on that information. You can set
   your browser to not accept cookies, but this may limit your ability to
   use the Services. If our systems receive a DNT:1 signal from your
   browser, we'll respond to that signal as outlined here.

With whom

   We may share information as discussed below, but we won't sell it to
   advertisers or other third-parties.

   Others working for Dropbox. Dropbox uses certain trusted third parties
   to help us provide, improve, protect, and promote our Services. These
   third parties will access your information only to perform tasks on our
   behalf and in compliance with this Privacy Policy.

   Other users. Our Services display information like your name and email
   address to other users in places like your user profile and sharing
   notifications. Certain features let you make additional information
   available to other users.

   Other applications. You can also give third parties access to your
   information and account - for example, via Dropbox APIs. Just
   remember that their use of your information will be governed by their
   privacy policies and terms.

   Dropbox for Business Admins. If you are a Dropbox for Business user,
   your administrator may have the ability to access and control your
   Dropbox for Business account. Please refer to your employer's internal
   policies if you have questions about this. If you are not a Dropbox for
   Business user but interact with a Dropbox for Business user (by, for
   example, joining a shared folder or accessing stuff shared by that
   user), members of that organization may be able to view the name, email
   address and IP address that were associated with your account at the
   time of that interaction.

   Law & Order. We may disclose your information to third parties if we
   determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply
   with the law; (b) protect any person from death or serious bodily
   injury; (c) prevent fraud or abuse of Dropbox or our users; or (d)
   protect Dropbox's property rights.

   Stewardship of your data is critical to us and a responsibility that we
   embrace. We believe that our users' data should receive the same legal
   protections regardless of whether it's stored on our services or on
   their home computer's hard drive. We'll abide by the following
   Government Request Principles when receiving, scrutinizing and
   responding to government requests for our users' data:
     * Be transparent,
     * Fight blanket requests,
     * Protect all users, and
     * Provide trusted services.

   Please visit our Government Request Principles and Transparency
   Report for more detailed information.

How

   Security. We have a team dedicated to keeping your information secure
   and testing for vulnerabilities. We also continue to work on features
   to keep your information safe in addition to things like two-factor
   authentication, encryption of files at rest, and alerts when new
   devices and apps are linked to your account.

   Retention. We'll retain information you store on our Services for as
   long as we need it to provide you the Services. If you delete your
   account, we'll also delete this information. But please note: (1) there
   might be some latency in deleting this information from our servers and
   back-up storage; and (2) we may retain this information if necessary to
   comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our
   agreements.

Where

   Around the world. To provide you with the Services, we may store,
   process and transmit information in locations around the world -
   including those outside your country. Information may also be stored
   locally on the devices you use to access the Services.

   Safe Harbor. Dropbox complies with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Safe
   Harbor ("Safe Harbor") frameworks and principles. We have certified our
   compliance, and you can view our certifications here. You can learn
   more about Safe Harbor by visiting http://export.gov/safeharbor.
   TRUSTe is the independent organization responsible for reviewing and
   resolving complaints about our Safe Harbor compliance. We ask that you
   first submit any such complaints directly to us via
   privacy@dropbox.com. If you aren't satisfied with our response, please
   contact TRUSTe at
   https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.

Changes

   If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition or sale of
   our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that deal.
   We will notify you (for example, via a message to the email address
   associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices
   in that event.

   We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will post the
   most current version on our website. If a revision meaningfully reduces
   your rights, we will notify you.

Contact

   Have questions or concerns about Dropbox, our Services and privacy?
   Contact us at privacy@dropbox.com.

   This section of the agreement only applies to Dropbox for Business
   customers.

